welcome the manancial league of legends
Sponge presenting Lissandra the icy witch
lissandra's magic distorts power
pure of ice somewhere and terrible
with the strength of her black ice she does
more than just freezing élin pala
crushes those who oppose it
for the terrified inhabitants of the
north it is known only because
witch algeria
the truth however is much more
sinistra lissandra a culture of the
nature that plans to deliver an era of
ice in the world
centuries ago lissandra betrayed her tribe
leaving them under the care of creatures
but known as observers
icy
in exchange for power this was the last day
in which hot blood ran in his
veins
with a contingent of his tribe
corrupted and strength of observers it
devastated the land with a terrible
blizzard while his empire
the world became colder and the
ice would suffocate even when observers
were defeated by heroes of the past and
Sandra did not lose faith and vowed to prepare
the world for her children return
worked to eliminate the world from the
knowledge about observers
using magic to have a human form
she pretended to be numerous elders
evident over generations and
generations
she wrote the stories of fiori and
changed the history of his
people
today the new versions fragmented the
observers are seen as a tale of
fairy but this was not the deception
enough
Lissandra also needed a
army she longed for noble wheat to
Business
knew that breaking them would take centuries
then position her biggest trick she
murdered the leader of the glacial
stole your identity
then began to distort
slowly the traditions of which the
tribute to so much pride when its shape
human aged she pretended to own
death and murdered his successor to
steal your identity
with each generation the pre- glasses grew
most island
cruel and perverse today a world still
sees them as a noble and peaceful tribe
which protects you against evil creatures
more such as the icy witch actually
they now serve her and yearn for
glorious return of observers and
sandra knows that on this day nations will be
demolished and the world will be born on ice
thank you for listening to his lord sandra
please sign up for the official channel
rai of games on the channel gives you the br